favicon/favicon.svg => index.html
favicon/favicon-96x96.png => index.html
favicon/apple-touch-icon.png => index.html
favicon/web-app-manifest-192x192.png => index.html
favicon/web-app-manifest-512x512.png => index.html
favicon/favicon.ico => index.html
images/MAI_logoTransp_mc2.png => index.html
images/hands-on-workshops.jpeg => index.html
images/Human-AI-Interaction.jpeg => index.html
images/good_bad_ugly.jpeg => index.html
images/MAI_styrelse_logo.webp => pages\about.html
images/slide/20-greg-lecture-narkesg.webp => assets\css\styles.css
favicon/favicon.svg => sv\index.html
favicon/favicon-96x96.png => sv\index.html
favicon/apple-touch-icon.png => sv\index.html
favicon/web-app-manifest-192x192.png => sv\index.html
favicon/web-app-manifest-512x512.png => sv\index.html
favicon/favicon.ico => sv\index.html
images/MAI_logoTransp_mc2.png => sv\index.html
images/evolution-AI.jpeg => sv\index.html
images/hands-on-workshops.jpeg => sv\index.html
images/Human-AI-Interaction.jpeg => sv\index.html
images/good_bad_ugly.jpeg => sv\index.html
images/mai-logos/ai-medicine.jpg => pages\learn-more.html
images/mai-logos/ai-energy.jpg => pages\learn-more.html
images/mai-logos/ai-companions.jpg => pages\learn-more.html
images/mai-logos/ai-unchained.jpg => pages\learn-more.html
images/mai-logos/ai-education.jpg => pages\learn-more.html
images/mai-logos/ai-coding.jpg => pages\learn-more.html
images/mai-logos/ai-industrialization.jpg => pages\learn-more.html
images/MAI_styrelse_logo.webp => sv\pages\about.html
images/MAI_logoTransp_mc2.png => pages\journal.html
images/MAI_logoTransp_mc2.png => sv\pages\journal.html
images/mai-logos/ai-medicine.jpg => sv\pages\learn-more.html
images/mai-logos/ai-energy.jpg => sv\pages\learn-more.html
images/mai-logos/ai-companions.jpg => sv\pages\learn-more.html
images/mai-logos/ai-unchained.jpg => sv\pages\learn-more.html
images/mai-logos/ai-education.jpg => sv\pages\learn-more.html
images/mai-logos/ai-coding.jpg => sv\pages\learn-more.html
images/mai-logos/ai-industrialization.jpg => sv\pages\learn-more.html
images/slide/18-evenemang-at-narkesgatan.webp => pages\membership.html
images/slide/21-happybirthday-at-narkesgtan.webp => sv\pages\membership.html
